
Parent and resident in Copenhagen in 2040


I love living in Copenhagen. The landscape is so green and the air feels healthier, and I am learning so much about sustainability just from the environment that encourages environmentally conscious living. From abandoning my car and changing the lighbulbs in my house, I am learning to live in a healthy, more sustainable way. I grew up being tild that we only had 10 years to same the planet from permanent damage. As a young person in school, I watch the people in charge of my furure disregard life or death issues. I was afraid that, when I was finally ready to raise a family, it would no longer be an option for me. Watching amazing developers like Lykke Leonardsen gave me hope that there were people looking out for the planet and everyones future. I am pround to be making moves toward a better future for my children, and I am proud to live in a city that is doing the same.

Small business owner and a new resident in Copenhagen's sustainable city in 2030

My dentist company was started by my family an passed down to me. It was always a secure option for me, but as I am witnessing the world change, I want to make smart descisions that will contribute to a better, healthier planet for my children. I've been considering moving my family here since 2025 when Copenhagen became the first carbon neutral city. I heard about the abundance of job opportunity because of the new sustainable systems. I thought it would be asmart decision for my children's future. However, I am starting to regret my decision. As romanticized as a perfectly healthy and sustainable lifestyle is, the government makes it impossible to establish a business. From altering the amount of waste my business produces to being required to reduce my carbon footprint, continuing my practice is more difficult than ever. Finding my feet and making enough money to remain here with the expensive cost of living has become nearly impossible. The government is focused so much on technology development to handle the effects of increasing natural disasters that they have neglected small business owners. I understand these requirments for larger coporations that can afford it, but I have few options.